2015, Ezequiel Tavella (@EzequielTBH)
Latch Plugin Contest.
Latch Wi-Fi Plugin.

Most people today who have knowledge of computation know what the acronyms WI-FI,
This connection mechanism used to provide wireless Internet is so widely known and used by all users,
from household to business and government sectors.

Throughout history, this mechanism was tested as to their security protocols, finding several bugs that caused
they were Reviewed and continuously improved.
But there is something which can not be improved or review, people. These are the weakest and fragile at every point safety part and often
is neglected when thinking about safety.
This plugin was developed with that in mind, providing a way to improve the security of WI-FI mechanism that is easy to use
understand and home users, who are more exposed to attackers due to their low level of technical knowledge.

How do I install and use ?:
The first step is to install and configure hostapd which will be the program to provide the connection Wi-Fi to customers.
The correct configuration involves making the patch and create the configuration file for the support Latch it ready.
From here, when a client connects to the network password will be asked as usual, but also to verify that the same
is correct is checked if the latch is open or closed, if open is allowed to connect to the network if it is closed is not allowed to connect.
The Plugin supports protocols WPA and WPA2 encryption everyone in your version PSK (Pre Shared Key).

Both the video and the source code has a proof of concept which runs on a PC, but the main goal of this plugin is available
to a Wi-Fi router and the user from simple web interface to set up your Wi-Fi and choice the use of latch to improve their security.

Why should win the contest?
It is an innovative idea, aimed at all users from household to business (Previous to port routers)
does not require much work on devices like routers implement, is easy to use and understand,
with this additional layer of security can prevent unauthorized connections and subsequent problems.    
